## Channels (Tombstone)

The Tombstone view is one of two channel views available in Live, and one of
three available in Blind. It displays each channel as a 'tombstone', a small
icon showing the status of each fixture.

At the head of the tombstone is the channel number. The large number
immediately below this shows the intensity of the fixture.
Moving down the tombstone there are three additional fields which
display dependent on the features of the fixture. These are (from top to
bottom) Focus, Color and Beam.

To change between Tombstone view and Table view, press **[Format]**.

## Channels (Table)

The Table view is also available in both Live and Blind. Instead of displaying
channels in a succinct tombstone, it displays them as a more verbose table row.

Channels are grouped by type when numbered sequentially. Channels with only an
intensity parameter are still displayed as tombstones. The table rows show far
more information than can be show in a tombstone. Instead of having a column
for each parameter type, there is a column for every single parameter of the
fixture.

## Channels (Spreadsheet)

The Spreadsheet view is a channel view only available in Blind. The columns
of the spreadsheet are the channels and their parameters. The rows of the
spreadsheet change dependent on which other tabs are active. By default the
rows of the spreadsheet will be recorded cues. Selecting the intensity
palettes tab, for example, will replace the rows of the spreadsheet with
a list of recorded intensity palettes, showing the status of each fixture in
each palette.
